Congratz!
Tebrikler!

You have answered all questions correctly! You have won a powerful digital armour which will help you defend yourself online (print out the poster, A4 pdf). But this is not all: You have also won access to some hot tricks that will impress your friends.
Tüm soruları doğru cevapladınız! İnternette sizi koruyacak güçlü bir dijital kalkan (posteri bastır) kazandınız. Daha bitmedi: Aynı zamanda arkadaşlarınızı hayran bırakacak bazı havalı numaralar da kazandınız.

Armour piece 										What you’ve won:
Kalkan parçası										Ne kazanmış oldunuz:

More security when you’re surfing the web – on your PC: browse the internet with Firefox. Install it here. Then install the Firefox Add-on Privacy Badger – it will block spying ads and invisible trackers.
İnternette gezinirken daha fazla güvenlik -bilgisayarınızda: Firefox tarayıcısını kullanın. Buradan indirebilirsiniz. Ardından Firefox Privacy Badger eklentisini kurun, bu eklenti casus reklamları ve görünmez gözetleyicileri engelleyecek.

On your phone: browse the internet more securely with Firefox on Google Play or Apple Store for iphone – make sure to switch on the “Tracking Protection” and disable cookies in the privacy settings of the preferences.
Telefonunuzda: Firefox (Google Play'de veya iPhone için Apple Store'da) ile internette daha güvenli gezinin. "Tracking Protection" seçeneğini açmış olduğunuzdan ve gizlilik ayarlarınızda cookieleri etkisizleştirdiğinizden emin olun.

Browse the net anomymously on your phone: install the Apps OrBot and Orfox – find them on the PlayStore (free) or for Apple devices: Onion Browser (0.99 €)
Telefonunuzdan internette anonim gezinin: Orbot ve Orfox uygulamalarını kurun. Onları Play Store'da ücretsiz olarak (Apple cihazlar için 0.99€'ya) bulbilirsiniz.

Exchange messages more securely with your friends and family with Signal Private Messenger.
You can find it in the PlayStore or in Apple’s Store. Tell your best friends to use it too!
Signal Private Messenger ile aile ve arkadaşlarımızda daha güvenli mesajlaşma. Onları PlayStore veya Apple Store'da bulabilirsiniz. En yakın arkadaşınıza da kullanmasını söyleyebilirsiniz!

If you want to find stuff on the net, use a search engine that respects your privacy – like DuckDuckGo or Disconnect.me
Eğer internette arama yapmak istiyorsanız, mahremiyetinize saygı duyan bir arama motoru kullanın, mesela DuckDuckGo veya Disconnect.me gibi.

And if you are really good with technology, consider installing a Linux-based operating system on your home PC or Laptop. Check out Ubuntu or Edubuntu (special distribution for kids)
Ve eğer teknoloji ile aranız gerçekten iyiyse, ev veya dizüstü bilgisayarınıza GNU/Linux bir işletim sistemi kurmayı deneyin. Ubuntu veya Edubuntu'ya (çocuklar için özel bir dağıtım) bir göz atın.
